don't bring anyone love into this I'm
saying if you eyeballed someone you're
working this is a way we can't see this
he just literally rub my arm when I felt
the electricity all I wanted to do is
work right do you mean like see like man
you guys know you guys are straight
comics you guys are hardcore comics that
it chooses you like like you live
fucking in the valley got the drive to
the commissar do you think you like
driving the comic store no yeah but you
fucking know once you get up there gonna
have that feeling in that you know that
is especially huh you guys got it told
me for me I grew up in Beverly Hills my
mom's a Mexican whatever what am i right
so I met her when he was touring in the
50s and my dad was touring in any the
owner of the camp disaster you guys are
finally for divorce
Wow that's a long time not even winding
no because I even went off on black
penises you know if you see a black bean
and she just laughs at it is it's not
innovation he was just saying like every
mom on the colony structure yo babe call
get you some nachos where if I'm Mia
girl the fat unattractive unfuckable not
like hot don't say he's about
we love that this really tickles me
[Music]